Update Nodes view descriptions (#6919)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/ec-autoops-nodes-view.md

The following table lists all the other panels in the **Nodes** view that drill down into specific monitoring areas, along with the names and descriptions of metrics they present. 

| Area | Metric name | Metric description | 
| --- | --- | --- | 
| Activity | Indexing rate | Number of documents being indexed per second on all primary and replica shards hosted on the node. |
|  | Indexing latency | Average latency for indexing documents, which is the time it takes to index documents divided by the number that were indexed in all primary and replica shards hosted on the node. |
|  | Search rate | Number of search requests being executed per second on all shards hosted on the node. |
|  | Search latency | Average latency for searching, which is the time it takes to execute searches divided by the number of searches submitted to the node. |

> | Host and Process | Load | Load average over the last five minutes depicting how many tasks have been waiting for CPU, or are blocked on I/O. <br> Comparing the load value to the number of CPU cores on the node helps to understand whether the system has spare capacity (load < # cores), is saturated (load = # cores), or is overloaded (load > # cores). |

Reviewer: these items in brackets are not the most readable things. consider backticks or something else? 

also, para breaks need two `<br>` tags

```suggestion
| Host and Process | Load | Load average over the last five minutes depicting how many tasks have been waiting for CPU, or are blocked on I/O.<br><br>Comparing the load value to the number of CPU cores on the node helps to understand whether the system has spare capacity (`load < # cores`), is saturated (`load = # cores`), or is overloaded (`load > # cores`). |
```

Author: I was trying to keep it short, but I agree that it's confusing. Updated for clarity.

|  | CPU | Percentage of the CPU usage for the {{es}} process running on the node. |
|  | Heap used in bytes | Total JVM heap memory used by the {{es}} process running on the node. |

> |  | GC | Average time spent doing GC on the node in milliseconds. |

Reviewer: we can opportunistically define this acronym here

```suggestion
|  | GC | Average time spent doing garbage collection on the node, in milliseconds. |
```

> | Thread pools | Write | Number of single-document index/delete/update, ingest processors, and bulk operations in the queue, as well as the total number of completed and rejected operations in that pool. |

Reviewer: are these all supposed to be modified by `operations`? should "ingest processor" be singular, as in "ingest processor operations"?

Author: copy paste error by me! Good catch

|  | Search | Number of search, count, and fetch operations in the queue, as well as the total number of completed and rejected operations in that pool. |
|  | Management | Number of cluster management operations in the queue, as well as the total number of completed and rejected operations in that pool. |
|  | Snapshot | Number of snapshot and restore operations in the queue, as well as the total number of completed and rejected operations in that pool. |
| Data | Disk usage | Amount of used disk storage on the node. |
|  | Shards count | Total number of primary and replica shards allocated to the node. |

> |  | Segment count | Total number of segments (i.e., the Lucene low-level inverted indices composing an {{es}} index) hosted on the node. |

Reviewer: can we extract the definition from the sentence? 

```suggestion
| | Segment count | Total number of Lucene segments hosted on the node. Segments are the low-level inverted indices that compose an {{es}} index. |
```

|  | Documents count | Number of documents hosted on the node. |
| HTTP | HTTP current open | Current number of HTTP connections opened on the node. |
|  | HTTP connections open rate | Number of HTTP connections opened per second. |

> | Circuit breakers | Parent Used | The parent circuit breaker tracks the overall heap memory that is necessary for all circuit breakers, and prevents {{es}} from exceeding a pre-configured threshold. |

Reviewer: why capital U here? 

```suggestion
| Circuit breakers | Parent used | The parent circuit breaker tracks the overall heap memory that is necessary for all circuit breakers, and prevents {{es}} from exceeding a pre-configured threshold. |
```

Author: That's how it is in the UI

> |  | Field Data used | The field data circuit breaker tracks the necessary heap memory for holding field data and global ordinals (e.g., both used to perform aggregations) and prevents {{es}} from exceeding a pre-configured threshold. |

Reviewer: why e.g.? if we want to tell people why we use them, we could add a second sentence. "field data and global ordinals are used for [things like] x and y."

```suggestion
|  | Field data used | The field data circuit breaker tracks the necessary heap memory for holding field data and global ordinals (e.g., both used to perform aggregations) and prevents {{es}} from exceeding a pre-configured threshold. |
```
